Hi, guys -- just to let you know I am now here as a collaborator.  note: when writing
to a text file on GitHub, insert line breaks or your comments will appear as one long
line.   A couple comments:  re Amy's comment that word clouds get cut off, it helps to
zoom/reduce font on your browser, so that more words appear on the screen.  But this is
one of various shortcomings of the site, that it affords the user so little control
over the display. The confusing axes labels noted by Jack are another example.  I 
agree with you guys that more could be done with locations.  To pursue Karen's observation,
it would be interesting to plot length of sentence vs distance between location
of the crime and the penitentiary.  

You guys get 9/10 on this assignment.

//Jim

AA: I found the word map very interesting, especially the qualifiers that they allow,
such as sobriety and literacy. I did notice however that at least on my browser,
the word maps got cut off and I couldn't see the whole thing. I think it would be
interesting to tag these words with certain emotions perhaps and look at a bar plot
of these groupings of words to get a better sense of the notes on inmates.

AA: I would have liked to see types of crimes by location, I would be interested in
seeing if there were a pattern of types of crimes and ending up at ESP.

JS: I echo Amy's observation about the word maps being cut off.
I tested the site on some of the most common browsers and it seems to
be an issue on all of them.

JS: Something I noticed frequently on the word frequency visualizations was the
sheer dominance of the word "religious." Despite this, there is no way to
compare data using prisoners' religious preferences as a variable. I am not sure
about all moral instructors' entries, but the religions of prisoners are noted
in the admissions books. I would be curious if there are any correlations or
trends between certain religious denominations and other variables. Were there
more prisoners of a certain denomination than others?

JS: While not necessarily an error in the data, I think the site curators should
have avoided naming the axes on various graphs Corpus A and Corpus B, when the
admissions books used for visualizing the data are also delineated by the letters
A and B, as well as D. Originally, I became confused by the charts thinking that
Admissions Book D was being ignored before I realized my mistake.

JS: Seeing the "objects" of certain crimes might have been interesting. What
were people burglarizing to get such long sentences? For those there on murder
charges, were there trends in the types of victims?

KD: I looked at the sentencing locations of inmates. It seems like for female
inmates, it's more likely that they're from closer to the Philadelphia area while
for male inmates they could have been sentenced from as far as the State College
area of PA. However, with closer inspection, you can see that there are also
female inmates from the State College area, the map just changes its zoom when
visualizing this different group of inmates, which is not great for visualizing.

KD: I also don't like that they changed the height of the y-axis when displaying
the length of inmates sentences. It makes it seem like there are similar numbers
of inmates being sentenced to around 40 months of time regardless of their literacy
skills, when in fact there were fewer illiterate inmates compared to literate
inmates.

AL: I looked at the word frequency wordclouds in the Moral Instructer's Notes of Inmates. 
Based on this initial analysis, it was clear that the word "crime" was the most common
comment for both male and female inmates. It was interesting to note that when changing 
inmate behavior to "Drinks," the most common word became "guilty" and "parents". Within this 
visualization, there are limitations in quantitative analysis/representations of the data.

AL: Additionally, it would be interesting to see a larger version of the word map, and 
I concur with Amy that there seemed to be some bugs on the browser. I also think that 
it would be interesting to add a filter for time period to see if language descriptors 
and common vernacular toward inmates changed over time.
